Update API Sync tasks based on RC features (#81)
mulesoft/docs-studio: modules/ROOT/pages/import-api-specification-exchange.adoc

> = Importing an API Specification from Exchange

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Import an API Specification from Exchange
```

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Anypoint Studio allows you to import an API specification into either a new Mule Project, or an existing one.

Reviewer 2: allows > enables

> Anypoint Studio allows you to import an API specification into either a new Mule Project, or an existing one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Studio enables you to import an API specification into either a new Mule project or an existing one.
```

> This feature is possible through API Sync. If you are using an older version of Mule Runtime (4.1.3 and below), or if you would still prefer to import an API specification that's not in Exchange, follow the xref:studio::import-api-specification-design-center.adoc[Importing an API Specification from a Local File] steps.

Reviewer 2: This feature is possible through API Sync. > This sentence could be added to the previous one: 
Anypoint Studio allows you to import an API specification into either a new Mule Project, or an existing one, by using API sync.

if you would still prefer > if you want

Reviewer: Or...:

Using API Sync, Anypoint Studio enables you to import an API specification into either a new Mule project or an existing one. 

I'm not sure that we have to repeat the first sentence at the beginning of every Import topic, but if so, I suggest we use exactly the same wording in each instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Mule runtime engine (Mule) 4.1.3 and earlier, or if you prefer to import an API specification that's not in Exchange, follow the steps presented in xref:studio::import-api-specification-design-center.adoc[Importing an API Specification from a Local File].
```
Do we need to explain why they might prefer to import a spec not in Exchange?

> == Importing an API from Exchange Into a New Project

Reviewer: Make each of these titles parallel, using the same wordings and order, throughout all the topics (API vs. API Specifiction, Import, into, and so on):
```suggestion
== Import an API from Exchange into a New Project
```

Reviewer: Anything more to say about using this particular approach vs. the other?

> . In the top task bar, select *File*, then *New*, and then *Mule Project*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the taskbar at the top of the Anypoint Studio display, select *File* > *New* > *Mule Project*.
```

. Type a name for your project.
. Select a Mule runtime engine version 4.1.4 or later.
. In the *API Specification* section, select the *From Exchange or Maven* tab.

> . Click the *Add* icon (image:add-icon.png[2%,2%]), and select *From Exchange*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *Add* icon (image:add-icon.png[2%,2%]) and select *From Exchange*.
```

. Select your Anypoint Platform username. +
If you are not logged in, you can click the *Add Account* button to add your Anypoint Platform account.

> . From the list of available APIs, select the one you want and click the *Add* button to add it to your project. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the list of available APIs, select one or more and click the *Add* button. +
```

> You can choose more than one API to import.

Reviewer: OMIT per above edit.
```suggestion
```

+

> You can type a `*` character in the search bar and press enter to list all your available APIs.

Reviewer: WHY would the user want to do this if they can select from the list of avail APIs?
OR...should this really be a step for verifying that the chosen APIs were really added?
If so...:
```suggestion
. To verify that your choices were imported, type `*` in the search bar and click *Enter* to list all your available APIs.
```

+

> You can select the version of the API you want to import in the *Selected Modules* table.

Reviewer: Where is this table?
Which step does this belong to, or where in the sequence does it belong?
It should be its own step:
```suggestion
. To select the version of the API that you want to import, use the *Selected Modules* table.
```
But how does the user use this table? Just as lookup? Or does the user click or select one? Clarify.

Reviewer: Just to reiterate, we need to clarify the order of these and make them steps:

From the list, select an API and click Add (you can choose more than one)
Type * to list all APIs
Select API versions

. Click *Finish*.

> Studio scaffolds your API specification. If you choose not to create flows out of your API specification, uncheck the *Scaffold Flows From These API Specifications* option.

Reviewer: This task topic is titled "Importing," so is it confusing to use "scaffolds" as the result of this task?
Also, at what point does the user unselect the Scaffold Flows checkbox? 
Should this step be in the previous task?

If this option is really a checkbox...:

```suggestion
Studio scaffolds your API specification. If you choose not to create flows out of your API specification, unselect the *Scaffold Flows From These API Specifications* checkbox.
```
THIS IS A GLOBAL EDIT to each topic that contains this text.

> You can manage the API specifications in your project that are linked to Exchange from the API Project management view by clicking the *Manage Mule Project APIs* icon (image:manage-project-api-icon.png[2%,2%]) in the top task bar.

Reviewer: This is a separate task, right? Sort of a Next Steps item? Suggest this:
```suggestion
After you import them, you can manage the API specifications in your project that are linked to Exchange from the API project management view by clicking the *Manage Mule Project APIs* icon (image:manage-project-api-icon.png[2%,2%]) in the top taskbar.
```

> == Importing an API from Exchange Into an Existing Project

Reviewer: DITTO GLOBAL edits; parallelism:
```suggestion
== Import an API from Exchange into an Existing Project
```

Reviewer: DITTO consider text transition between title and first step if there is something useful to add about why our audience might want to choose this method over creating a new project. GLOBAL in these topics.

> . Right click on your project in the Package Explorer view, select *Mule*, and then *Manage APIs*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the Package Explorer view, right-click on your project and select *Mule* > *Manage APIs*.
```

> . Click the *Add* icon (image:add-icon.png[2%,2%]), and select *From Exchange*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *Add* icon (image:add-icon.png[2%,2%]) and select *From Exchange*.
```

. Select your Anypoint Platform username. +
If you are not logged in, you can click the *Add Account* button to add your Anypoint Platform account.
. From the list of available APIs, select the one you want and click the *Add* button to add it to your project. +
You can choose more than one API to import.
+
You can type a `*` character in the search bar and press enter to list all your available APIs.

> +

Reviewer: WHY would the user want to do this if they can select from the list of avail APIs?
OR...should this really be a step for verifying that the chosen APIs were really added?
If so...:
" . To verify that your choices were imported, type `*` in the search bar and click *Enter* to list all your available APIs."

> You can select the version of the API you want to import in the *Selected Modules* table.

Reviewer: GLOBAL EDIT to this same text throughout:

Where is this table?
Which step does this belong to, or where in the sequence does it belong?
It should be its own step:

 ". To select the version of the API that you want to import, use the *Selected Modules* table."

But how does the user use this table? Just as lookup? Or does the user click or select one? Clarify.

Just to reiterate, we need to clarify the order of these and make them steps:

From the list, select an API and click Add (you can choose more than one)
Type * to list all APIs
Select API versions

. Click *Finish*.

> Studio scaffolds your API specification. If you choose not to create flows out of your API specification, uncheck the *Scaffold Flows From These API Specifications* option.

Reviewer: This task topic is titled "Importing," so is it confusing to use "scaffolds" as the result of this task?
Also, at what point does the user unselect the Scaffold Flows checkbox? 
Should this step be in the previous task?

If this option is really a checkbox...:

```suggestion
Studio scaffolds your API specification. If you choose not to create flows out of your API specification, unselect the *Scaffold Flows From These API Specifications* checkbox.
```
THIS IS A GLOBAL EDIT to each topic that contains this text.

> You can manage the API specifications in your project that are linked to Exchange from the API Project management view by clicking the *Manage Mule Project APIs* icon (image:manage-project-api-icon.png[2%,2%]) in the top task bar.

Reviewer: GLOBAL EDIT TO TEXT THROUGHOUT:

This is a separate task, right? Sort of a Next Steps item? Suggest this:

After you import them, you can manage the API specifications in your project that are linked to Exchange from the API project management view by clicking the *Manage Mule Project APIs* icon (image:manage-project-api-icon.png[2%,2%]) in the top taskbar.

```suggestion
You can manage the API specifications in your project that are linked to Exchange from the API Project management view by clicking the *Manage Mule Project APIs* icon (image:manage-project-api-icon.png[2%,2%]) in the top task bar.
```
